Update hosting-on-cloudflare-pages.md (#1903)
gohugoio/hugoDocs: content/en/hosting-and-deployment/hosting-on-cloudflare-pages.md

toc: true
---

[Cloudflare Pages](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/) are super fast, always up-to-date, and deployed directly from your Git provider (currently supports only GitHub and GitLab).

> Cloudflare Pages docs have a detailed tutorial on [how to deploy a Hugo site](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/framework-guides/deploy-a-hugo-site/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloudflare Pages provides a detailed tutorial on [how to deploy a Hugo site](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/framework-guides/deploy-a-hugo-site/).
```
